README.md, before:

SmartGanglia
============
SmartGanglia Project

September 5, 2013

Updated Rails project to match the \demo index.html page
Merged index.html to application.html.erb
Updated project to Rails, Bootstrap, Less and the Asset Pipeline
Additional changes to \assets for less and font-awesome
To Do: fix jquery and flot graphing
To Run
  Launch the rails server by typing: rails server
  Open a browser session by typing: http://localhost:3000

September 3, 2013

\demo directory contains HTML demo version
Added support for flot graphing

To run demo, open index.html file in browser

August 27, 2013
 Merged Storage_Health Ace Responsive Bootstrap Template into smart_ganglia project
 Created storage_heath model and migrations.
 Many changes to /assets directory for Bootstrap, LESS and Storage_Health 

August 23,2013 
 Added standalone Storage-Health project

Project Requirements:
Requires: Ruby 2.0.0-p247. Rails 4.0. Gem 2.0.3. MySql 5.5.32
Verify before downloading by running the following commands from a terminal window: 
rails -v
ruby -v
gem -v
mysql 
To Build: 
  1. Download to a local directory
  2. Open an terminal window and run the remigrate script by typing:
     bash remigrate.sh 
  3. type: bundle install
  4. Launch the rails server by typing: rails server
  5. Open a browser session by typing: http://localhost:3000

Commit message:

Added .idea file for WebStorm and RubyMine. /assets file updates. Routing for home page

README.md, after:

SmartGanglia
============
SmartGanglia Project

September 6, 2013

Routing for home page(index.html)
Additional jquery fixes.
Added .idea files for WebStorm and RubyMine
Cleaned up \assets directories 
To Do: fix jquery and flot graphing
To Run
  Launch the rails server by typing: rails server
  Open a browser session by typing: http://localhost:3000

September 5, 2013

Updated Rails project to match the \demo index.html page
Merged index.html to application.html.erb
Updated project to Rails, Bootstrap, Less and the Asset Pipeline
Additional changes to \assets for less and font-awesome
To Do: fix jquery and flot graphing
To Run
  Launch the rails server by typing: rails server
  Open a browser session by typing: http://localhost:3000

September 3, 2013

\demo directory contains HTML demo version
Added support for flot graphing

To run demo, open index.html file in browser

August 27, 2013
 Merged Storage_Health Ace Responsive Bootstrap Template into smart_ganglia project
 Created storage_heath model and migrations.
 Many changes to /assets directory for Bootstrap, LESS and Storage_Health 

August 23,2013 
 Added standalone Storage-Health project

Project Requirements:
Requires: Ruby 2.0.0-p247. Rails 4.0. Gem 2.0.3. MySql 5.5.32
Verify before downloading by running the following commands from a terminal window: 
rails -v
ruby -v
gem -v
mysql 
To Build: 
  1. Download to a local directory
  2. Open an terminal window and run the remigrate script by typing:
     bash remigrate.sh 
  3. type: bundle install
  4. Launch the rails server by typing: rails server
  5. Open a browser session by typing: http://localhost:3000
